authorities Howard L for 1913 I with the
iOS four three Steph 1999 LaGuardia
shower is number one for the field when
gypsies you're 12 only 13 Claire chewing
breaking exported goodbye airbus a319
for 13 RBI touchdown getting 6,000
robots 3,500 total I was very dolphin I
think I didn't that's 1086 self-energy
6-cell 75th Delta send any fish
Delta 76 our you
Colin hundred cross only for essentially
proper hardcore death of 1086 close
calories Rick came to go on to 13 how
are you copy call 100 by the way 13 is
close call it pushing a call 100 so when
we want to be close drop it 13 his
clothes seem ripped off justice in 1999
go around five maintain 2013 13 I
quarter of them close the absolute is
closed we got a free full call 100 taken
sorry have an aircraft all 31 on the
North vehicle service road please advise
it's tragic you loubani airport is
closed at this time captain there's a
full of money to on the iOS 4 13 step 25
fight through the 40th our go around go
around ups 25-22 that's 1999 I'll have
the finest registration the runner on
such a few moments okay that's nice
thing
sunlight 1307 0070 dolphin hmm
how are you talking to the flight crew
of the md80 I'm calling off her debts
were at 76 no response okay Sarah he is
he comes up he's leaking fuel on the
left side of his aircraft heavily at
least leave that leaking fuel a firm is
weighing is our rupture our top 25 28 to
switch over to departure I get to that
frequency just a moment go for a 5.25
1999 contacts approach one 34.9 34-9
delta x conducted
no 25-22 finally rained on the Falcon
trying left heading 070 I maintain 3000
left turn heading 070 that's 25-22 back
with a 5.2 we can take a post one 34.9
1349 or just 25 sites you sloan sorry
the fifth 649 79 guys we have expand the
airport is closed stand by 8-foot nice
really nice stuff tonight official voice
are you with me right 99 are you with